Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the Asia
Pacific. US futures continue to remain
under pressure as you can see on your
screens. It's after Nvidia uh leds a
Wall Street tech selloff. A new survey
finds China's equity rally is prompting
money managers to turn less bearish.
>> Earning season rolls on in China. Xiaomi
announcing plans to sell its first EVs
in Europe by 2027 after its China auto
sales help offset slowing smartphone
demand.
>> More on EVs ahead. We speak exclusively
to XPOM's vice chair and president Brian
Gul about their latest results and also
their expansion plan.
>> Plus, toy maker PopMart posting robust
revenue and profit growth thanks to the
Laboo Frenzy.
[Music]
We start with some breaking news when it
comes to the LPR in China. So, we're
hearing from these commercial banks
keeping those rates unchanged for the
month of August. So, the one-year LPR at
3% that remains 5-year loans, that's the
one that's linked to mortgages as well.
That also is starting at 3 and a half%.
So, there you go. No change there for a
third straight month. Of course, you got
to wonder when they're are they
pressured to act though policy makers
given what we saw in that week credit
data back in just recently here. But you
know, maybe we'll have to wait until
September possibly for any sort of yeah
movement on that.
>> Uh a further deterioration maybe in the
data and of course we get a move on the
MLF and we probably get a move on on the
low prim rates as well. So we can set
that aside for now. this time the next
hour though we are likely going to see a
change and just to mention one of the
big things we're tracking of course is
that RBNZ rate decision coming through
in the next hour so we are expecting a
cut there all that said the approach to
that and the market opened today and of
course the interesting dynamics that we
had overnight where most stocks actually
closed higher in the uh in the in the US
session but of course you had the big
heavyweights and tech u doing most if
not all the damage so you get the nicke
down about 1.3 the costby tech AI heavy
You're also getting the TX tech heavy as
well. We're down about 1% on that. TSMC
bottom of the screen is down about two.
We were down over 3% I believe in the
overnight session. NASDAQ futures are
still extending the losses from
overnight. A stronger dollar broadly
speaking is what you see on your
screens. Flip the boards as we look at
some of the moves overnight. X Pong, NEO
UP, those two, but of course we're
looking at likely declines in the likes
of Alibaba going into the open today uh
because of the tech selloff that we're
looking at as well. Right. future should
be pointing down, coming up on your
screens. There we go. A third of 1% and
of course on a 30-year yield. I think
we're about four basis points
thereabouts there from hitting the high
would be that high that we hit I think a
couple of months ago. And we do have a
5-year bond auction to talk about. We
can get to that later on.
>> Yeah, it's interesting, right? You talk
about what really triggered this sell
off on the NASDAQ. It was the second
worst decline we've seen since
Liberation Day essentially. Um, and you
got to wonder what really kind of
triggered that, right? I think there was
some talk about Sam Alman and what he
said a few days ago about maybe an AI
bubble is forming perhaps why we saw
such a steep sell off in some of these
names and maybe just brings up the whole
concentration risk once again in this US
rally.
>> Yeah. So that that fell quite
substantially. Nvidia had meta
>> Palunteer which has done phenomenally
well of course has almost gone up
vertically was also one of the big uh
decliners overnight. In fact, just on
that very note, right, so we were
talking about this the points drag drags
on the S&P, you could almost close your
eyes and guess and guess correctly which
most uh which those were. But again, the
breadth of the market overnight was
actually quite good. 350 of the S&P 500
actually closed higher. So it was really
the concentration on the tech space, S&P
futures down bottom of your screens. Uh
the other big theme of course is this
Asia market and turnover which has been
just also punching
>> punching through the ceiling. Was it was
above two trillion again, wasn't it?
>> Second straight day. I think 2.66 I
think is the the average for Monday and
Tuesday, which is by, you know, a level
we've we don't normally see as far as
Asia market turnover is concerned.
>> Yeah, perhaps we'll see a bit of shelter
then maybe potentially given what we're
seeing broadly speaking in this Asia's
textile up. Can China continue to gain
momentum here given the liquidity and it
seems to be still quite intact that
story and earnings as well. I mean
that's going to be a big big mover here
today given what we saw overnight in the
US with some of these tech names.
>> Absolutely. app. So, we're going to look
at the likes of Xiaomi and Xiaoong uh
later later as well. And just to also
mention the Hibbor is one thing we're
tracking and reason we're bringing that
up is because that is uh indicative of
liquidity conditions which might be in
favor of the Asian market. Anyway, uh we
can table those things for now, revisit
that later on, but of course the big
story of course what's happened with
tech overnight. Uh and who better to
talk us through the context there. Bell
is here with us on set to take us
through what exactly was behind the sell
off. Well, I think you kind of mentioned
it there with with those Sam Alman
comments for instance, but I think
overall it's just that that general
concern you have that maybe it's this I
mean it's sort of been a similar story
that comes up every few months or so,
but about going too far too fast. Is it
too much overhyped right now? And and
some of the stocks you mentioned
Palanteer that drop them in. It's one of
the stocks that has seen the most short
interest so far this year. I think only
second to Meta. So, it really just sort
of tells that broader story. I think
really what's going to be the key test
of course and we're going to get it in a
week is is the Nvidia earnings because
they're confirmed for the 27th of this
month. It will certainly be that big
reaction that we get in the market. Is
the sort of spending and and the
interest really justified right now?
>> It seems like when it comes to Intel is
a different story. The bulls are finally
being rewarded for their patience after
it's been quite a stunning rally that
we've seen even just this month. We're
up around 30% for the stock. the
catalyst. I mean, we've kind of
telegraphed those pretty well, but it's
it's the US government looking at taking
that 10% equity stake. Uh the other one
as well, of course, is what was reported
yesterday that that Soft Bank is
investing $2 billion. So, it's sort of
that vote of confidence in the company.
You can see here though, uh that even
with that big rally, you're looking at
valuations now that are at the highest
going back to 2002. But the fundamentals
for the business are very different
because you're at the start now of what
could be a multi-year restructuring
effort led by the new CEO Lib Bhan.
whether they can actually realize that
of course we don't know just yet and so
analysts are sort of saying look we it's
it's really gone too far too fast really
the story we had for broader techch
overnight even though Intel bucked that
uh but but of the analysts for instance
that look at this stock only 8% uh
tracked by Bloomberg have got a buy
rating right now 80% neutral instead
>> uh can I ask you about Meta what
happened there and the restructuring
that they're looking at for their AI
division
>> yeah so this is sort of just a
reflection I mean meta we know and we've
been also are following this just how
many billions of dollars they've been
spending on recruiting the top AI talent
in the market. And so they're just sort
of this is what we understand is it's
more like a
trying to capitalize on that spending
and make sure they're in the best
position. So Alexander Wang, he's
someone who's recently joined the
business in a formal capacity. He's the
head or the chief AI officer and he sent
out this internal memo overnight
announcing the restructure. So there's
four new business divisions for this. Uh
the first is that uh one that's going to
be overseeing the large language models.
You have the second one which is sort of
the the ongoing it's been around for a
decade but the internal AI research lab
that's going to be staying uh but
looking at longerterm projects. The
third business division will be looking
at how to really capitalize that put
them into consumer products. And the
fourth as well is looking at the AI
infrastructure all that expensive
infrastructure that's needed to fuel the
AI AI ambition. So not any headcount
losses but just a sort of restructuring
again to try and make the most out of
the spending they've had in this space.
>> All right, Bel. Thank you. B there with
an update on all things tech here this
morning. Let's bring in Harold
Vanderland, head of Asia-Pacific equity
strategy at HSBC. You're starting to see
this global equity rally seeing some
signs of strain. Is it just a symptom of
slow summer or something worse?
>> Slow summer could be a reason for it,
right? Um a lot of traders are off and
we know August, December are months
where liquidity is uh is a little bit
less sometimes, but doesn't seem to be a
problem at the moment, but maybe fewer
people at the at the trading desk and
therefore you get sometimes.
>> So there wasn't really any difference
really. Yeah.
>> But yeah. Yeah. No, but I think
sometimes this is the odd thing and the
difficulty I guess for you as well is
sometimes markets roll over on no
particular news. It's just a gradual
sort of process. I mean I once long time
ago we looked at why did in 2000 was it
2001 the tech bubble uh it's a long time
ago why did it peak in March and there
was nothing that happened in March that
caused it it just it's a sort of market
process that does it itself and I think
that's going on now. I mean the S&P has
rallied very strong can't really come
back since April right um so positions
probably got stretched people said well
let's take some of these positions off
and before you know that a lot of people
start to do that and the market rolls
over and
>> do you get a sense that this might
continue short term in other words if
nothing has changed fundamentally or
structurally with any of say the AI
story for example is is this a buying
opportunity or do I wait until maybe on
on the other side of the weekend after
Jackson Hole
>> yeah maybe it's Um I think this this can
go over if this is a sort of uh
repositioning in the market might take a
few weeks or something like that. Okay.
Uh but ultimately if you look at the
fundamentals the earnings growth uh that
comes through the US but also interest
rates interest rates there's talk about
them cutting the Fed starting to cut
maybe over Jackson we get ideas of it
but normally that's not the the stage
where they really set interest rate
policies. more broader longerterm
thinking there. But if we get an
indication that they are more inclined
to start cutting interest rates, yeah,
that would be supportive again. But I
suspect that will take a bit of time. So
we'll be well into September then again.
>> What's position looking like to you in
Asia right now?
>> So in Asia, it's a little bit what you
spoke about with the US market. Um it
looks like everybody's in the same
corners and we we know it's uh
semiconductors in Taiwan. Korea was
underpositioned at the beginning of the
year. a lot of people have now gone into
Korea into the um into the DRAM names
there. Um so I I I we felt we've
actually for example downgraded Korea on
the back of that because we felt that
people were overly positioned there now.
So uh uh yeah it's um it's everybody's
in the same corner. So when you get a
rush for the door, yeah, it's uh
everybody rushes at the same time.
>> And do I differentiate between Korea and
and Taiwan?
>> Um I think a lot of people don't so
much. Yes, there are different drivers
in Korea and Taiwan, but ultimately it's
the AI story and um companies like TSMC
give you great exposure to that, but
there's a limit to what you can own. Uh
most funds own about 10% uh on average
in an Asian portfolio in that particular
company. You can't really own more
because your risk managers say, "Hey,
you're running a portfolio. What are you
doing? What are you doing? It's
basically one company here. You can't do
that. There's there's a so people have
then started to look for other ideas
that are mimicking that performance and
also in the AI
>> difficult though with a stock 40% of the
index.
>> Exactly. So but you can't buy more so
you need to do something. So what you
then do is you buy something that is
correlated with it has a similar sort of
dynamics and you can find that in Korea
as well and I think that's that's that's
that's one of the reasons why people
have gone into Korea.
>> Uh we've been talking about this earning
season. It seems like things are looking
resilient so far. What what's your take
so far on how things have have looked so
far?
>> So far, it's good. It's early, so it's
really next week when particularly you
guys going to be busy with lots and lots
of results coming through. Uh it's the
last few days of the month when most key
companies are coming through. But for
example, this morning I was talking with
Michelle, which is our uh real estate
analyst, and she says, well, you know,
for us it starts really on Friday, so
we'll see what the numbers are. she she
has the impression that the confidence
that the companies have in the earnings
that they're going to present um
presumably some of them might know it
already but she says the confidence that
they're talking about is something she
says I haven't seen literally for 18
years she said so it's um last year she
says people didn't want to talk about
the numbers and was like China we don't
know China property is in this case
sorry she says they didn't want to talk
about it but now she says they seem to
be confidence to give guidance that's a
very different sort of mood and I think
that that we see this a little in other
pockets in China as well. People feel
there's a sense of confidence there and
the market is expressing that to a
certain extent. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean we have been hitting higher
and higher lows and we're certainly past
peak pessimism I think is the point that
we were just making there. We'll have
more with her Vanderland of course on
this Chinese market in a moment here.
Head of Asia Pacific equity strategy at
HSBC is staying with us. Still ahead
here on shows. We'll dive into the
latest earnings. Speaking of uh with
Xiaomi and also PopMart looking at a pop
going into the open today. Uh plus of
course XPong president Brian Google will
be joining us to talk us through their
outlook. Ross margins they beat on
almost every metric. Are they finally on
track though is a question to
profitability. We'll ask that question
of course to Brian Goo when he joins us
later at those times on your screens.
And yeah we are counting down to the
open of trade. Futures are pointing
lower finally. I was going to say the
sun is out but at least there's no rain.
We're halfway there, as Bonjovi would
like to say. There we go. 16 minutes
away the opening. Well, this is the
China show.
[Music]
Your agenda out of greater China here
today. We talked about that CGB auction
coming up for the 30-year uh and we're
also the 30-year levels I should say
they're watching. Turnover obviously has
been quite hot as well. Still watching
those CSI 300 levels there. 42 39 is
sort of the level to watch here as well.
Sectors include tech, solar and steel
and lithium. There was some news uh when
it comes to tariffs there when it comes
to steel and lithium. Solar was also
something that we heard here about solar
stocks in particular that are in focus
here uh from the government. So
certainly one to watch in terms of
sectors that h highore surge. Yeah.
Surge we're talking about in the last
few days. So certainly one to watch and
Wongi now continuing his trip in India
but now coming next now to Pakistan.
>> Yeah. And of course there's a big
earnings theme as well this Wednesday
and of course there's a big interview
coming up and you can stay tuned for
that of course in one of the uh company
set to report and maybe Ivonne can talk
a little bit more about this. HKX is
coming through with earnings today. And
the reason I bring that up is because
>> Oh Bonnie Chan.
>> Yes. There we go.
>> Talking to Johnny Chan later on this
afternoon. I mean, obviously they're
expecting a great set of earnings for
the second quarter. Once again,
obviously the southbound flows that
benefit them very, very closely. They're
going to talk about the IPO pipeline. I
believe there's still more than 200
applications active right now that we
could look ahead to as well. One thing
to ask about is Hibbore, which has
actually potentially could hurt their
investment income, too.
>> Yeah, it's sort of funneled some money
back into the Asia market, if you will.
Uh, looking at that. Okay. Okay. Well,
speaking of earnings, Xiaomi came out uh
well, the company's planning to sell its
first EV. This is in Europe specifically
in 20 by 2027, taking on Tesla and BYD
globally with its year old EV business.
It's also reported about what 30 31% pop
in quarterly sales. Let's bring in Danny
Lee, our transports
man of the hour, to talk us through what
we know about these plans in Europe.
Yeah, I mean this is the level of
competition we are seeing and now with
Xiaomi having relatively good success in
the China market in a short space of
time, it now wants to take on Tesla and
BYD on a different territory. And so by
pushing more global with its ambitions
to go global, you know, Europe is
consistent with that message by 2027 and
it's this $10 billion bet it has made to
push into the EV industry. So with
relative success over a small kind of
set of models it has produced. So far
it's gaining increased confidence and
you see that in the earnings you see
that in the earnings strength and
particular at time its main business is
seeing a bit of a slowdown. Xpung that
was quite interesting right so you're
talking about record sales shrinking
that that the losses uh and margins were
pretty solid as well is profitability in
its sights now
>> well this is something that I'm sure you
guys will ask Brian Goo when you speak
to him not too long from now but I think
just the way it's been able to narrow
the losses and particularly really
accelerate the the level of sales it has
seen coming from what previously was a
difficult period I think for for you
know for X punk there is a bit more of a
a kind of tailwind win. Given the
regulatory concerns across the wider
industry, it is in a much better
position than some of its peers. So, I
think you know the the losses it has
been making. It's only a matter of time
before it starts turning into into
profitability.
>> Okay, Danny, thank you. Danny Lee, we're
expected to hear uh more from Brian Goo,
of course, and we'll see how the stock
reacts in the Hong Kong session here.
But ADRs did jump on the back of that
earnings report. We'll have more from
Brian Goo, of course, and the EV
landscape when we speak to him about
their earnings outlook, expansion plans,
and of course, uh, what what to do
amidst this whole new pricing from Tesla
that did move the market a few days ago.
That's coming up the China show at the
times on your screen. 10:30 a.m. Hong
Kong time. Let's talk about PopMart now.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, no.
>> I mean, that's
>> I know where this is going.
>> Oh, he's got to talk about it, right?
Huge numbers, right? It's time of huge
revenue and profit growth boosted of
course by the global demand for its
hugely popular Laboo Doll. That's a lot
of huges in one sentence. Let's bring in
our China correspondent M low to walk us
through some of the key highlights from
those results. M.
>> Yes, traders had really skyhigh
expectations for the company, but POPMA
not only met them, but beaten them as
well. We're talking about 400 or nearly
400% when it comes to net income about
200% when it comes to revenue and I
think what really impresses me is when
you look at the over overseas expansion
plans right it's expansion into US is
about 1,100%
if you can show the chart of the
regional expansion in Europe it was
about 700% and in China is about 130% or
so so huge expansion especially in the
Americas um and of course I'll be
attending ending the earnings call later
today in about half an hour from now
when the CEO Wanging will be speaking.
He already previously had said he
expects overseas sales to go beyond
China sales this year. So investors will
definitely be looking out for the profit
guidance for the second half of the year
as well as whether the company can give
us the longerterm uh expansion and
growth plans for the next three to five
years. How are they going to keep this
up sustainably and whether there are any
sort of IP creation diversification plan
as well as the supply chain plans given
the strong demand overseas as well as
the tariff uncertainties
>> and and Midman I think one of the things
we talked about before shows was how
analysts had been struggling to keep
their keep up with the rally in the
stock price. So currently how much more
upside on consensus is is is seen right
now in the share price.
Yes. So, according to what analysts are
looking at in terms of price targets,
currently PopMart is still trading at
about 90% of the 12 month average in
terms of analyst price targets. And if
you look at this chart that you actually
created, David, you can see that, you
know, over the past uh year or so, we
can see, you know, there are some quite
a long period where there was a period
when basically the the traders were
chasing this rally that we are seeing on
POTM. uh and starting from June we start
to see POPMA trading below that
pricetotarget ratio and that is when uh
POPMA had given out its preliminary
earnings and perhaps there's been a
revision up in terms of the price
targets from analysts. So yes about 10%
upside that we are seeing here but some
analysts are uh talking about certain
downsides they're looking out for and
they're coming from a few places right
one is if there is more regulatory
scrutiny from China there have been some
you know uh commentary from state media
talking about this anti-addiction
campaign for uh young adults who are
buying into all these blind boxes. Uh
the second downside risk if is if there
is more uh competition from new emerging
players given that we already see a lot
of counterfeit products out there that
actually see pretty strong demand as
well. Um and of course the third one is
whether or not the company's able to
replicate the success of Labubu with its
other new IPs as well. The Laboos by the
way part of the Monster series that
really contributed to about a third of
the company's revenue. It's up about 600
over percent uh in the first half of the
year.
Oh, night. Oh, nightmares there. Minman,
thank you so much. Minman Lo, of course,
will be attending the call later on and
she'll be giving us an update there.
Just a quick word on Labu and earnings
and maybe this new consumption theme.
Harold Vander Lind is still here with us
here on set from HSBC. What do you think
about this, you know, the this new
consumption favorites, whether that's
>> cheap cheap coffee, Lapu Gold, is that a
theme that resonates among global
investors? First time I heard about
Labubu, I uh I'm I'm not your
traditional customer, I would say, for a
lab. I don't have one. Yes. No.
>> Preaching to the choir.
>> So, um if I would be an analyst for this
talk, it I would really struggle. Uh I
mean, the sales are phenomenal. Look at
these numbers, right? And I guess
there's an enormous reach for it. I was
in London not long ago and in Paris and
saw people lining up for uh for these
products. So um fast growth interesting
product but yeah you're right we should
put it in a bigger picture why why is
this happening and our suspicion is that
this is a sort of affordable luxury
we've come out of co we've come out of a
really difficult period people have lost
money they want to feel good and for a
lot of people it's um it's
>> unboxing a blind box
>> exactly
>> for a little bit of surprise
>> yeah it's uh it's it's these sort of
things we see this in in maybe some
other products as Oh, so it's it's an
very affordable way of treating
yourself. My colleague calls it the
lipstick phenomena. She says it's in
recessions, lipstick sales do relatively
well because it's affordable luxury.
Now, I'm not into lipstick either, but
um neither in labu.
>> All right. Well, then Harold, let let
let's wait until we introduce you to our
makeup people. They might recession
indicator.
>> They might change your mind, of course.
Okay. A quick preview of markets coming
up next. This is the China show.
[Music]
All right, this tech selloff seems to be
going a little bit more here in the Asia
session. So, we're watching some of
these tech names like Xiaomi that's down
some 2%. Um, that's despite what they
said, right? Declaring this foray into
Europe in 2027. Uh, Xpong is certainly a
good story there. We talked about those
earnings as well. PopMart though, that's
the negative news story there. We're
down about 2%. Uh but despite those
explosive numbers that we saw, but Wooi
was also a beat. So we'll see how the
market open goes. You're watching the
China show. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program and
it's actually pretty quiet in the news
front today. Perhaps why we are getting
a repositioning out of some crowded
trades. Uh we're coming up the loan
prime rates out of China. No change
there. And top of the next hour will be
of course the RBNZ. We are expecting a
rate cut coming through there of the
RBNZ. And might that be the same story
as far as the the Fed conversation goes?
Yeah, as we count down to Jackson Hole,
certainly still waiting, of course,
whether JP Pal does solidify those
speculation out there of September cut,
but yeah, that's still a few days away,
right? Right now, as you mentioned, are
we starting to see cracks or things
wakening here in a slow summer or are we
starting to see something a bit more
sinister when it comes to this tech
selloff, right? Given the fact that we
saw these big mega cap names in the US
sell off for not really any big news in
particular, right? So, that's certainly
one thing to watch here whether we're
seeing that play out through in Asia.
You are seeing uh a little bit of that
here on in some of the greater China
markets as well. So there you go. Entre
markets are doing this. We're down about
4/10en of 1% here right now. You're
seeing a slight bid back into bonds. So
a little bit of that rotation now. Uh
that has reversed right before it was
taking money out of bonds into stocks.
That's now going back to that now with
your 30-year yield down some two basis
points, but we're still well above that
2% threshold here right now for that
30-year yield. Uh commodities are
selling off. We're watching of course
some of these big names like Quow. Uh,
CATLA shares are down some 9/10en of 1%
here. Made Group is also down some 1%.
So, it seems like it's a pretty
broad-based sort of sell-off here right
now. Of course, it makes us focus on
earnings a little bit. Maybe we'll see
some more idiosyncratic moves here. But,
there you go. HS Techch is down some 1%.
So, it really is seeing this tech spell
selloff here spread to uh some of these
China names and Alibaba is down some 1%.
Hong Kong Exchange, they come up with
earnings later on. That's the next one
to watch though. But we're still
expecting a pretty decent second quarter
for them. And now that we're on track,
it seems for Hong Kong to be the the
take up put the crown for the number one
when it comes to IPO markets, right? Um
but yes, there you go. It's not looking
too pretty here right now. Property is
also on offer here and we're watching
some of these, you know, earning
stories, right? Popart was it was a
phenomenal set of numbers when you talk
about, you know, sales actually tripled
in the first six months of this year,
but we're still seeing that stock down
some 3%. Not sure if it's an earnings
story or just overall tech and you know
these big names that have actually led
this rally are now seeing a bit of a
pullback here. Wooi Biologics they also
beaten their earnings as well. Xiaomi
this is the one to watch right so
they're talking about entering into
Europe maybe possibly in 2027 to compete
with the likes of BYD and there in
Europe. So certainly that's one thing to
watch as well. Xpong though it seems
like me that you know we're starting to
see that fourth quarter break even
target. analysts are saying we're on
course to hit that right now because you
take about what the earnings did
operating losses narrowed you talk about
you know when it comes to gross margins
also we're pretty solid as well and
they're seeing record sales so maybe
things are pointing higher for XP as
well solar stocks we're watching very
closely this is a more of
anti-involution theme we did hear from
the government talking about they need
to regulate competition more in this
space so some of these solar names are
rallying this morning Dave
>> yeah and I think HSBC um has some
interesting thoughts on what this
actually means anti-involution as well.
Right? So, speaking of just a little
survey here, we'll talk about the
context of these numbers in a moment
here, but the headline tells you
everything you need to know. Less
bearish on the Chinese market. Point
number one. Point number two is when you
flip the flip the page please and have a
look really at still overall allocations
are generally about 340 basis points I
believe uh underweight. when you talk
about that right now where are we seeing
the allocations come through as well and
I think e even when you look at say
southbound data across the stock connect
HKX website has that of course right
what are the top names that are sucking
in all that money you know you have the
10 cents of the world in this case of
course based on a survey from HSBC it's
the three names you see here on your
screen so yeah there's a lot to talk
about in the Chinese market what really
is Ivon going on
>> yes so this is Harold Vanderland to
answer that question head of
Asia-Pacific equity strategy at HSBC. Do
you think that this equity rally in some
ways is really at odds with what we're
seeing in the economy in China right
now? This divergence do you think can
continue?
>> I think it can continue.
>> Um
I think the ultimate driver here is not
so much the economy, but it is actually
a reallocation of money from households.
Chinese households over the last three
or four years haven't done anything with
the money because they thought they
would lose their job in Corona in the
COVID time. They thought if I put in
property I'm going to lose money as well
and I can't put in the stock market
either and prices were falling
deflation. So what do you do? What is
the best way to do you put it in a bank
you don't get a lot maybe 2% or
something now even lower but if prices
are falling anyway in real terms you
maybe make 3 or 4%. And that's safe. So
that's what they've done. Now Chinese
are um avid savers already but over co
they have saved even more than what they
normally do. So they sitting now on 22
trillion US dollars of cash. That's I
mean that's the size of a couple of
largest uh global asset managers
together, right? And that's what they
have in cash.
>> A lot of that cash they will hold on to
because that's for their retirement. So
we think about six trillion of that is
too much savings about excess cash,
excess savings and they might start to
feel more confident as we saw with labu
we just spoke about they feel more
confident to spend here and there. um
maybe the property here and there does a
little bit better. So gradually they're
going to invest that and that explains I
think the strong southbound flow seen.
So although southbound has been
phenomenal this year I think it's 110
120 billion US dollars year to date that
is nothing compared to the 6 trillion
that they might have at place. Not not
all of that will go into equities but I
think that ultimately is the driver.
It's actually some sense of confidence.
I don't know. I don't say that people
are confident, but they're less worried
than 12 months ago.
>> Is that sticky money though?
>> Does that does that does that go out?
I'm just playing the devil's ad. Does
that go out as quickly as it's come in?
>> Potentially. But Chinese households have
too little equity in their portfolio. An
average American household has 40%. In
Europe, it's probably 30. In Japan, it's
over 20. In China, it's 10ish. So you
could argue that they have too little
equities anyway. So in that sense it
might be uh it might be even more
sticky. We we'll have to find out over
time. But good point.
>> Um anti-evolution. We have to find out
over time too if this this works.
>> Yeah. H
>> how does it work across markets do you
think?
>> I think the focus is initially now on um
anti-involution. I mean you probably
when you saw the first the word for the
first time. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. It's
supply side 2.0. They did supply side
reform 10 years ago. Now they're doing
it again.
>> But I actually think the way it will
work is actually not only through supply
side and industry consolidation, but
it's through consumption.
>> Because why they're doing this now?
Because prices are falling, deflation.
And why is that? We have over supply in
nearly every industry in in China. So
they're now trying to steer or I
wouldn't say regulate it but steer it or
massage it if you want to put it like
that to create better sort of healthier
industry dynamic so you don't have
deflation. Now deflation if you have a
little bit of inflation let's say that
they get there that changes consumption.
If you think prices are falling you want
to buy a car but next month is going to
be cheaper. You're going to wait. And if
then the month thereafter is cheaper you
say well let's wait another month. I
don't need it yet. But because it is for
you it makes sense for you to do so. But
if you think prices are rising, you need
to buy now. So that could change
consumption in China quite uh quite
importantly. And maybe actually the
ultimate driver of this anti-involution
uh policy is to bring consumption back
and have China consume more. And in the
bigger scheme of things that the
geopolitics that's something that they
said that they would work on as as well.
Um so that's it might well play
ultimately to the consumer sector. is
have you noticed any early indications
that's showing up in earnings estimates
margins?
>> No, not not in the numbers yet. We've
looked at it but not in the numbers yet.
I think that is too early.
>> Okay.
>> Um but we will see news I I think you
guys would be on top of it. First time
that companies hearing about an M&A or
that in an industry companies are
raising prices. That sort of news flow.
That's what I'm looking for because that
would be that would tell me how maybe
this is going to work into earnings. And
if that then works out in earnings and
profitability and companies are doing
better with dividend payments as well,
then you actually have a decent sort of
uh earning story uh supporting the
Chinese market as well.
>> Have has your team been able to sort out
the winners and losers potentially out
of this theme?
>> Uh we're struggling really with that
because it's so early stage that we look
at all these different industries but we
say are they going to do this or not? We
don't know. It's not a clearcut
framework. gets more of as I use the
word massaging, right? Policy makers
say, "Well, you know, company A and
company B, why why don't you do this
together? Why why did you do an M&A and
stuff like that?" So, we'll have to see
how that's going to work out. Um, but
probably on the supply side, it's going
to be those industries that are really
uh in massive overupp. So, you're
talking some of the basic materials
where stateowned companies are
prominent. That's where you would expect
things to uh to move first. Yeah.
>> And just your broad thoughts on the
rally. It's it almost came out of
nowhere particularly in the Asia market.
Right. So clearly it's there's
liquidity. That's a key.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh part of the formula there. What's the
best leading indicator you think now?
What what do I need to watch? Margin
debt, US dollar weakness.
>> What do you think is going to drive
that?
>> Um I would normally say let's look at
bond yields, look at US dollars because
that's what global flows would do. But
for me actually the key is what do these
Chinese households do? They sit on this
202 trill US cash power, right? of which
six trillion we just said might be
something they would be willing maybe to
put into markets. So we're we're trying
to see what they do. That's very
difficult to see but it is margin
trading. It's uh mutual fund openings.
It's these sort of things that I'd like
to look at as well to see what are they
doing. And for them A is still more
expensive than H. So um it makes sense
to go to H. So but at some point in time
they might say well maybe I should buy a
for if you're if you live in Changdu or
something like that it doesn't matter.
you can go to your broker, you buy a
mutual fund in either either of these
two markets.
>> So, I'd like to see what they do. So,
that's account openings, liquidity, what
happens with their cash pile, um, and
these sort of things.
>> And I know you guys watch mutual funds
data closely as well. What are you
seeing as far as positioning there?
>> So, there the funny thing is, although
the Chinese are putting more money into
it, global funds are still very slow.
So, the Asian funds, they've gone
overweight on on China, they're actually
pairing back a little bit after the
rally. the GEM funds, the global
emerging market funds, they're still
underweight.
>> Um, but I was in Europe a couple of
weeks ago and there you see growing
appetite. More people saying, well,
maybe the overall numbers they said are
underweight, but we're actually neutral
or we are thinking about being
overweight or or something like that. I
think in the US it would be very
different. That's why a lot of funds are
still very underweight.
>> You mentioned what Chinese houses are
doing. It kind of fits into this mega
trend you've been talking about Asia
buying Asia.
>> Yes. and China seems to be leading that
along with India, right? You know, what
do you see as sort of the the sectors or
or maybe parts of this market that are
better positioned for this sort of
trend?
>> I think so. Asia based Asia is is is
trying to get savings from households
and put that into the equity market
instead of in India for example, people
would buy gold in the past, jewelry,
that's the way to save. In the past, it
was also property, but getting that into
the stock market because that's good.
You can use that productively for
companies. Um, China leads the way,
India as well. I think this is going to
be a very important sort of trend in
Asia because we are still very aligned
on US dollars for funding. But the US
says now publicly we don't want to be
the last. We don't want to give
everybody our dollars or um we don't
want to bear the the the cost of being
the reserve currency in the world. It
might well be that at some future point
in time in a crisis, the US says, "No,
we're not going to provide you dollars.
this is your problem. This is not our
problem anymore. Um, so Asia needs to
prepare itself for that. We can't just
rely on dollar funding. So we need to
mobilize our own savings in the region
and invest in the region as well. That's
happening in the different countries,
some faster China and India than others,
but that's very important sort of things
to do.
>> Fantastic. Yeah,
>> Harold thank you so much. Asia Bes Asia
2025 there with Harold Vanderland and
his team
>> his new book maybe too.
>> Yes, exactly. That will come out. That's
next year.
>> That's next year
>> and that's Indonesian history. for you.
So I'm not quite sure that's right.
>> You got to wear the batique as well,
right?
>> I'll wear the batique. That'll do that.
Thank you.
>> That's a pinky swear. Okay. Okay.
>> Uh Harold, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Out of HSBC. This is actually
interesting that this just actually came
up because we were looking for signs of,
you know, has reflation started to show
up and you know, Ivon and I were talking
about this about two weeks back. Becky
Leo actually pointed this out, right?
That the swap spread between the five
and the oneear has turned positive. This
happened a couple of weeks back. And
what effectively means is that the
five-year rate is now above the one-year
rate which effectively is does this map
out the path out of deflation? I think
this was a a chart that I think you
brought up.
>> Did I? I might have. Yes, we we look at
lots of charts, but yes, I mean it seems
that the market's pricing that in that
this whole anti-involution is going to
lead to some sort of reflation out there
that is enough for for me to, you know,
take it out of bonds and put it into
equities or, you know, look in, you
know, other ways to to find some more
income. So, certainly, I think it's
going to be a very interesting trend
moving forward here. as well. We talk
about earnings.
>> Um, yeah, I talked about, you know, Hong
Kong X, right? I mean, as Harold
mentioned, this liquidity side of things
is really going to benefit
>> and and maybe we'll start to see that
come into the numbers here. Um, but
certainly it's going to be a key focus
on how they can extend the streak of
IPOs, right? Obviously, CL was a big
one, the world's biggest that we saw uh
this year. You know, you know, are we
going to still get those jumbo jumbo
names in the second half? Weren't they
toying with the idea of I think was it
reducing the minimum float? I think that
was one of the things that they were
talking about.
>> They announced on Friday, right?
>> 15% to 10% is already what's been
announced.
>> Okay.
>> If they can there's now a public
consultation where to bring it down to
5%.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Which does raise some eyebrows too for
some people when it comes to liquidity
side of things as well. But certainly
they're looking at many other ways to
really attract more companies to list
here too.
>> Yep. So that's uh if Bonnie Chan's team
is listening in that's maybe a heads up
of some of the things that Ivonne might
be bringing up later during the
interview as well if you guys are
listening. So yeah, lots of other
earnings to discuss as well. U so yeah,
HKX and I think Canino also is reporting
today and we'll be speaking with them as
well uh on the back of the earnings
report. Yeah, so plenty to discuss as
far as that's concerned and uh there's
actually some cool data that we've
showed you. We'll show you that later on
on what we've observed so far from this
earnings season so far. We're in the
early innings, but we're getting into
the thick of things. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. Something we're tracking
very closely, this pivot, this changing
of the guard. If you think about it,
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is
hailing closer ties with China as
Foreign Minister Wang wrapped up a
two-day visit amid Trump's tariff
threats. The two sides confirming that
Modi will meet with Chinese President Xi
Jinping later this month in China. Uh
chief North Asia correspondent Steven
Angel is here with us to talk us through
the significance of of all these
developments.
uh geopolitical chess going on obviously
with Trump and Putin meeting and then
Xiinping obviously going to now be
meeting uh Narendra Modi uh at the end
of next week or next weekend the August
31st and September 1st is when the
Shanghai Cooperative Organization or SEO
it's a regional uh grouping security
grouping that includes India, Russia,
China and many of the Central Asian
former Soviet republics. uh and they
meet every year and the last time she
and Modi met was in Kazan, Russia at the
SEO. So this would be the first time
that they're going to meet. So Wangi
went there to New Delhi the last couple
of days to set the ground rules if you
will set the tone for that meeting and
China and India have confirmed Modi will
make his first trip to China in 7 years
uh to talk about all the different
geopolitical uh issues that are at hand.
Keep in mind India and Russia, excuse
me, India and China but also Russia as
well are part of the growing block
called bricks uh but also SEO is being
used to kind of coalesce uh their mutual
interest at the time of added pressure
from the United States. Keep in mind
India is facing that 50% tariff 25
reciprocal 25% reciprocal an added
secondary tariff of 25% for India buying
Russian oil. India has all along said
look we we can buy oil from the cheapest
supplier as we like. I'm paraphrasing
obviously. So there's a bit of a
standoff that is forcing the hand of
India to kind of come a little bit
closer to China. They've had some
differences. They had a border dispute 5
years ago. They're trying to work
through that. That also China is very
close with the enemy of India and that's
Pakistan. And guess who's going to
Pakistan later today? Wongi goes from
New Delhi to Afghanistan to Kabell.
There's a trilat by the way hosted by
the Afghan Taliban and then he's going
to Pakistan after that. So a lot of
interesting movements going along here.
>> You mentioned about the 50% tariffs on
India for buying Russian oil. Scott
Besson, the Treasury Secretary has kind
of re reiterated this a little bit.
What's his take on it now?
>> Yeah. Well, he's essentially saying that
the Indian conglomerates for the most
part are engaged in profiteering.
Essentially, uh he claims Bessant, Scott
Besson, the Treasury Secretary, that
before the 2002 Russian invasion of
Afghanistan, India bought about 1% of
its oil needs from Russia. Now, he says
it's upwards of 42%. Remember, there's
price caps put on Russian oil. Uh so
he's saying essentially the Indians are
buying and the conglomerates a company
like uh Mukesh Amani's Reliance
Industries has the biggest refinery in
western India uh they've been buying
Russian oil. So Scott Bessant is
alleging that the Indians are buying it
cheap and then reselling it to the tune
of some 16 billion dollars in profit. So
Bessant saying the Indians not only uh
the government but through their
conglomerates which have close ties to
the Indian government are profitering.
So that is one of the reasons why they
justify adding this extra 25% tariff to
50% tariff and then that is why the
Indians are cozying up a little bit more
to the Chinese. If you go back to Kazan
back in October of last year when Modi
and uh she met this is just an
acceleration. They're saying they've had
steady improvement in their bio uh
geopolitical relations, bilateral
relations.
>> Okay.
>> It's a lot of info.
>> Yeah. Um yeah, just a bit of a
clarification. It was the 2022 Russian
invasion of of
>> What did I say?
>> 2002.
>> Oh, yeah. 2022. Of course, seems like a
little bit longer.
>> Yes, it does. Okay. All right. Steve,
thank you. Our chief Asia correspondent
there on the latest of course of these
warming ties between uh China and India.
Some other global headlines this
morning. A package of security
guarantees for Ukraine could take shape
as soon as this week with European
leaders looking to leverage President
Trump's backing for a plan involving
troop deployments. Now, sources say a
gathering of European officials focused
on a plan to send British and French
troops to Ukraine as part of a peace
agreement. We're told around 10
countries would be ready to send forces.
The Trump administration says it will
step up scrutiny of imports of steel,
copper, lithium, and other materials
from China. seeking to enforce a US ban
on goods allegedly made with forced
labor in the Shing Jang region. Under a
2021 law, the US assumes anything made
even partially in Shing Jang is produced
with forced labor, but companies may win
exceptions if they can present evidence
that proves otherwise.
>> Right, a quick glance at markets and the
story is fairly simple. Equity markets
are down. It's not so much a tantrum,
but it is getting tame. We're talking
about tech. Plenty more ahead. SS
Bloomberg
[Music]
right for a look at these markets right
now. SIC that's a Huawei backed of
course and as you can see it's uh
trading debut. We're doing well. Suffice
to say, I think the story really is
beyond what the first day looks like.
And so certainly it's something to to
watch, but really underscores the uh the
the pickup in fundraising and that
really brings to mind the HKX and Hong
Kong Exchanges earnings that are set to
come out today and certainly more
context than that certainly coming
through tomorrow as well. Right. This is
a big story um has come out I would say
out of nowhere but certainly out of
nowhere in terms of the price. massive
move up yesterday and then we had that
lower close. Substantial volumes coming
through 11 and a half%. There's a full
write up by the way here on the
Bloomberg terminal for you. Um so so
volumes are indicating right now we're
looking at easily right now. So we've
cleared the 30-day average as far as
this is concerned, right? And we're now
looking likely at a couple tens of
billions in fact. So we'll show you this
graphic in a moment here. But yes, uh
it's busy trading as far as East Buy is
concerned.
>> So valuations have been quite frothy.
There has been some speculation about
the company CEO being investigated, but
Eastbite denied that on their social
media accounts. There's a lot going on
with that stock in particular. But yes,
uh here are some of the big moves that
we're seeing across these markets and
earnings of course on tap coming up
listed there on your screen. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, welcome back to the China
show. A live look out of Wellington here
this morning as we countdown to that RBN
zed decision. The Kiwi dollar is doing
this here right now just seconds away,
but certainly they are likely to cut
according to the market here today. All
but I think one or two have signaled uh
that they are likely to take the cash
rate down by 25 in a couple of moments
and certainly we'll find confirmation of
that soon. Uh what's going to be more
interesting is the guidance really on
where they think the cash rate will be
in a couple of months time right so will
they revise even further uh that one and
I'm just going to bring
>> James McIntyre our Bloomberg economics
economist you know thinks that you know
they really have to deliver this further
dose of easing uh because it has been a
pretty naent recovery right keep in mind
this is an economy that came out of a
recession of course just a few months
ago uh so you know we're likely to see
uh that cut here today here we go so
cash rate at 3% %. There you go. So that
is a cut by 25 basis points. Uh and that
basically was seen by most economists as
we mentioned here as well. Uh they're
talking a little bit more about the
average overall. Uh
>> yeah, this is the projection now coming
through
>> for the fourth quarter of the end of
this year at 2.71%. So maybe there's
further room for cuts. Uh second quarter
2026, they see the official cash rate at
2.56%.
So it seems like they're laying out, you
know, a pathway of more cuts moving
forward. to talk about the scope to
lower that official cash rate further if
they see inflation pressures ease. Yeah,
I'm looking I'm comparing what we're
looking at here to the previous
guidance coming through and it it does
look like they are opening up ever so
slightly that they're sneaking in a bit
of a dobish tone here really that
obviously it's contingent on where
inflation goes but certainly when you
look at their inflation forecast so they
now see 4Q inflation at 2.7 there is
scope there we go that's now gonna
redhead on your Bloomberg terminals as
well annual inflation 3Q3 and and fork
down to 2.7%. There we go.
>> You saw the data out of July. It did
suggest that maybe you are seeing some
upward pressure when it comes to prices
as well. But you know, economists have
also cited what they've been seeing is
deterioration in the labor market as
well that seems to be gathering
momentum. It sounds like what the Fed's
dealing with right now too, this dilemma
which does pose some down risks to the
RBNZ. So for James McIntyre and his
team, they're saying, you know, it they
think further cuts including taking the
cash rate below neutral are a matter of
when. now, not if.
>> Okay, the Kiwi dollar on your screens
right now moving perhaps not so much on
what was nearly a consensus call on the
cut, but perhaps the guidance coming
through. Kiwi dollar is down about over
1% over two days. And we're looking also
I'm looking at just my Bloomberg screens
right now as I speak. The Kiwi dollar is
down against every single one of its
peers with the exception of the South
Korean one, but it's across the board
weakness coming through right now in the
Kiwi dollar here. Ivon.
>> Yep. So now they're saying the data on
pace of economic recovery to influence
the rate cuts. So basically what they're
forecasting now is a good chance of two
more 25 basis point rate cuts uh in the
foreseeable future here as well. So
there you go. You see the Kiwi that is
selling off here today. We're also
extending the gains though on the equity
market.
>> Yep. The dovish tailwinds coming through
and showing up across assets. Kiwi down.
Yields not on your screens likely should
be showing down as well. Equity markets
on the way up. Broadly speaking, the
picture across the region and not that
of course the the New Zealand equity
market is a bellweather of the global of
the the benchmark here in the region,
but all that said, it's really a the
follow through pressure we're seeing
across the tech space. And yeah, some of
the very techheavy benchmarks are
certainly reflecting what the move that
we had overnight on the NASDAQ.
>> Yeah. And there was no news, right?
There wasn't any key news. I think I was
looking at the FT and they cited some
MIT research
>> of all things uh that mentioned
something about when it comes to the
number of of AI investments out there
95% of organizations are getting zero
return from investments in generative
AI. So you have to really kind of dig
into something like that.
>> Yeah.
>> Um which is quite few and far between
and quite you know
>> I'm not even sure what to do with that
information.
>> Exactly. Right. And and so people are
saying it's not even that news news that
really kind of triggered this selloff
but you know then again it was quite a
steep selloff. I mean, look, take a look
at the likes of Palunteer, Nvidia, uh,
Meta as well. So, you're seeing that
still reflected in the NASDAQ 100
futures here as well, which already saw
one of the biggest selloffs since
liberation day.
>> Yeah, we were waiting for when Palunteer
was going to give, right? That stock
just has gone parabolic really in many,
many cases. In fact, we had a look at
the numbers overnight. So, if you woke
up and just had a look at the index
itself, you'd think it was a broadband
sell off on the S&P. was not capital N
uh OT uh 350 stocks on the S&P actually
closed lower but because of the sort of
index heavyweights Nvidia Microsoft
Broadcom Palunteer and Meta you add
those things together pretty much sums
up what you got as far as the index drag
entire net drag on the S&P uh was
concerned so good breath but certainly
bad concentration risk
>> it brings it up to that right have we
too reliant on these megga cap names to
really uh continue with this rally as
well. Um you take a look at what
earnings though maybe you know yes
there's a lot of individual stories that
are going around but perhaps what's
going on broadly speaking with this tech
might actually brush all those you know
earning stories aside. We're seeing that
in some of the tech games here for at
least today but there were some pretty
interesting sort of you know names. I
think Xiaomi certainly is one thing
where they were able to show that the
growth in EV sector is certainly is
helping to offset some of the slowdown
you're seeing in smartphone sales.
>> Yeah. In fact, they're now looking to
challenge PYD and Tesla, of course,
going going into Europe, right? Um
there's that PopMart with but PopMart
perhaps selling on the back of what's
really been a strong rally too. Uh and
Xpong of course will be joining us on
shows later uh in about 30 minutes from
now. So yeah, stay tuned for those
interviews coming up. But yeah, to get a
sense of where we are in rally, so we've
taken a look at that Southbond flows,
high bars picking up again the last
three days, quite a punchy number. Yes.
And of course, the amount of turnover
that we've seen in the onore markets,
right? What's the average 2
>> 2.6 trillion 2.6 6 trillion daily Monday
and Tuesday. Uh that's rem by the way.
So uh yeah, so it's we've really seen a
pickup in trading activity uh in greater
China. Where does a rally go from here?
It's a key question. Let's put that
question to Wendy Leo, chief China
equity strategist at JP Morgan. She's
here with us on set to help us
understand what is going on.
>> Um I think the retail sentiment has been
picking up and that's showing up in the
turnover numbers, the margin numbers,
new account owners. uh but is a little
bit more measured uh than the past rally
we've seen last September, October and
then certainly visav the past rallies in
2015 and 2007.
Um so
>> you're comparing this to then now?
>> Um this is more like uh 19 to 21.
>> Okay. Okay. I thought you were drawing
parallels to that because that that was
a vertical up and down,
>> right? So the valuation isn't as
excessive. Um I would say that Asia's
earnings have uh held up better. So this
year, next year 15%, 12%. And then MSCI
China actually has seen some downward
revisions to for 2015. Now it's only at
4.7% year-over-year growth and beginning
of the year it was closer to nine. Uh
but next year we're consensus looking at
12%. So I think it's in response um to a
um solid uh earnings number and then
this rising confidence of the PBOC put
on Asares uh among the retail and then
also uh not so uh great returns from
deposit insurance policy wealth
management product bonds yeah and the
volatility has risen uh so I think it's
not just retail but some institutional
money that's been shifting allocation
which has happened for some time and it
just caught the retail attention I think
starting in July and we're seeing that
in the tape. Yeah.
>> You mentioned the PBOC put
>> are are you expecting more stimulus to
to come through given how weak the
numbers that we've seen so far in July.
Um I think there are definitely a lot of
questions being eased and then when we
look at the gap between M1 M2 growth I
think there is some anticipation that
liquidity will be coming through
incrementally. Uh there's also the
question raised about the fiscal clip
because fiscal spending uh from Jan to
July has been quite robust and what is
left for the remainder of the year. When
we do the numbers, there's around five
trillion that could yet to be issued in
the long-term bonds and there's about
1.3
uh that is available without having to
go through additional approval through
the MPC uh that's under the existing uh
government debt ceiling. Um so our macro
team's view is that you don't have to
use that entire amount of 1.3 to get to
the 4.8% 8% GDP growth target uh that we
have for 2025. So it it will soften in
terms of uh fiscal spending momentum uh
but it won't go into a you know a a you
know more serious situation.
>> We've put your bold call on a chart ah
premium JP Morgan valuation gap may
close in 2026 to 2027.
>> What gets us there?
>> What gets us a parody? Yeah.
>> Yeah. Uh three things. One, ACE earnings
continue to be quite solid. What we
found is that when CISI earnings
revision is positive, that premium gap
closes because people will be buying the
cheaper uh Hong Kong lag.
>> Okay.
>> Um so I think we're seeing that in the
25 numbers. Um 26 it's really about
anti-evolution. Uh which is my second
point. kind of anti-evolution does come
in. It's a bit of a mentality shift that
in an Xgross world revenue demand is not
that strong. So if there excessive price
cuts uh it goes right into the earnings
which we're seeing in the result season
in EV and home delivery right and
liquor. Uh but where prices are better
like home entertainment things are quite
good. Okay so that's the second point.
The third point is continued rise um in
southbound flow where we found that is
that uh southbound they'll go for upward
EPS revision names within the ah pair
and they seek out the sematic place okay
so it's a pretty uh active money and
southbound is now about 28% of the
turnover and they own about 20% 19 20%
of the connect uh uh stakes. Um and then
there's an optionality uh which is Hong
Kong dollar R&B
uh due circulation scheme
>> that doesn't have too many stocks in it.
I think it's like two dozen stocks in
it. But if it gets applied at some point
in time over the entire connect program,
the cost of buying Hong Kong stocks by
the mainland investors will come down
because they can buy Hong Kong shares in
R&B. And there's a dozen brokers that
that are right now um you know like
ready to provide the quote. Um so I
think um three drivers um and one
optionality will probably get us there
at 20 26 to 2027. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Quite some runway there.
>> Um I think the first the first time we
even talked about in a while of of H you
know eight shares actually having that
premium was the ATL right when they
first listed. thing. Yeah.
>> And how they price that.
>> And how they price that. But it seems
like we're seeing it across many sectors
as well. You know, what's the best way
where are we seeing most of that a share
premium narrowing across this market?
>> Um it's really the earnings momentum. So
we see biotech um and then some of the
financials and materials.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Um and so I think it's we it's it's
sematic and then uh earnings momentum
those two. Yeah. So we're the top four
warming sectors that we've seen in the
year. They tend to do well. So this is
uh healthcare uh materials right and um
communication services but utilities
would be more muted. Yeah.
>> Do banks continue to do well?
>> Uh banks I think it's somewhere in the
middle. Non-bank financial will do
better because I think even in the
offshore market people will buy
insurance and brokers as a proxy for
Asia enthusiasm. Yeah. if they can buy a
shares and then when you look at these
turnover numbers is definitely positive
for brokers. So we've been putting
brokers on a short-term buy call about
two and a half weeks ago. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Um what do I do with with tech? I mean
I'm looking at the sell off in Nvidia
and these big mega tech names that are
selling off here. It seems to be kind of
spilling over to this to the Asia side
of things. Is China tech that whole AI
play is that still intact? Um AI is a
theme that I think will continue into
2027 because we look at the overall AI
capex. It won't be robust this year and
next year and maybe softing a little bit
in terms of year-over-year growth rate
in 2027. Uh within China tech there are
different buckets. There's the global
supply chain, there's the hardware and
then people sometimes put in um internet
broadly under tech, right? Although
there are consumer proxies right where I
think um things look most certain is
really communication services uh people
are optimizing their purchasing budget.
Uh when Japan was going through the
adjustment over the two decade at one
point people stopped traveling they just
stay at home and play computer games. So
um these inexpensive home entertainment
options I think they continue have uh
you know space to run and there's not a
whole lot of price competition among the
majors and the second one I think the
global supply chain related to AI they
should continue to do well uh in within
the China tech um and where there's a
bit of a valuation challenge is the
domestic uh import substitution names uh
but I think onore are holding uh tend to
hold those names in very high regard.
>> These are the semiconductor names
>> uh semiconductor names and etc. Uh the
multiples are higher uh than what you
would see in the US market uh in
anticipation of very large revenue
growth and I think um the debate is
really about the home delivery platforms
you know where the earnings are going to
be is it signaling the worst and we
could come in. I think there is a
possibility that when the results
announced, people get an understanding
of where the subsidy is going to be and
then make a decision from there. So
that's been the drag.
>> Well, what do you think of the
valuations now? Do you think they're
fair given the is everything in the
price now on these home delivery
platforms? Because a lot of these things
have been punished substantially.
>> Um, I think it really depends on the
dynamics. some, you know, can more
afford to do the subsidies, others could
be less afforded in those positions. And
I think it's about what other uh
investment opportunities there are. And
I think there's quite a bit of a good
selection. And so year, the best
performing has been biotech, right?
CXO's done well, uh biotech out all
licensing deals have done well. And then
the recent addition has been materials
because anti-evolution. So there are a
lot of things to pick from and I think
people will be dynamically allocating
their uh portfolio. Yeah,
>> Wendy, great to have you. Wendy Lou
there, chief China equity strategist at
JP Morgan. We're watching Xpunk shares.
Uh they are up about some 5% uh across
this market here right now. Of course,
on the back of those earnings. So
narrowing their losses, solid margins,
and then really talking about record
sales. So certainly lots to talk to in
our next interview with Brian Goo from
X. He's going to be joining us there,
the chairman and president about their
earnings outlook. And of course, global
expansion plans. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
The president um has spoken to both
leaders about this and both leaders have
expressed a willingness to sit down with
each other. Um and so our national
security team will help both countries
do that. Ultimately, the president has
always said that there are areas of
disagreement in this war that will have
to be discussed and decided upon by
these two countries. And so, he wants
these two countries to engage in direct
diplomacy.
>> That was White House press secretary
Caroline Levit there of course on
President Trump's push for a this
meeting between Vladimir Putin and
Vladimir Zilinski. Now this a package of
security guarantees of course for
Ukraine will certainly shape will take
shape as soon as this week with European
leaders offering troops as part of a
potential peace deal. Now Ukrainian
allies are hoping to strengthen Ke's
position ahead of any potential meeting
of course between the two leaders. Let's
bring in our news desk editor Jill Dis
to help us understand where we are
really as far as the security guarantees
are concerned and what we know about
what might be proposed.
>> Right David? Well, I think um you know,
obviously everything is still in flux
here. Um and it it seems like a lot of
things are still being solidified, but
what we know so far is, you know,
obviously we had um this meeting at the
White House on Monday with European
leaders uh Zalinski there. Um seemed
like there was a lot of good vibes that
came out of that meeting and the idea
that maybe uh we could be moving towards
some kind of a potential peace deal,
although a lot is still uncertain. So,
what we've heard so far is that on the
European side, it's uh British and uh
and French troops could potentially be
stationed on the ground in Ukraine to
sort of help as any sort of, you know, a
part of a a peace deal there. Um I think
the US's involvement in terms of
security guarantees is a bit less clear.
So, at this point, it seems like maybe
there's some conversation around the
potential for air support from the
United States. Um but we don't know
entirely what that is going to look
like. It seems like what US President
Donald Trump is really focused on at
this point is making sure that these
continued talks are actually happening.
So he's certainly talked as and I think
as you heard is press secretary Caroline
Levit talk about um just now um this
idea of having a Trump of having a
Zalinsky Putin bilateral uh maybe within
the next couple of weeks is what we've
heard and then after that potentially a
trilateral summit between Trump Zalinsky
and Putin. Obviously all of these things
are still very in flux but um it's does
indicate at least a level of progress
that really didn't exist a couple of
weeks ago.
>> Yeah. So, and he's urging for
flexibility. Uh, what would that mean?
Uh, you know, what what do you think he
meant by that?
>> I mean, Yavon, when it comes to Trump, I
think, you know, it's it's always really
kind of difficult to interpret that a
little bit. Uh, what we do know is that
I mean, Trump has been open to this idea
uh in in just even within the last
couple of weeks about territorial
concessions on Ukraine's part, right? So
I think you know Putin has has made it
clear uh that you know he is interested
in in in obtaining territory including
the eastern Donbas region of Ukraine
right um obviously Zalinsky has uh you
know pushed back against that idea of
those concessions being part of any
peace deal and that's really kind of
what's led us to the situation right
now. I think um you know on Trump's part
certainly in recent days he's talked
about the need to potentially seed some
territory. He's also focused on Crimea
which of course uh um you know Russia
went into in back in 2014. Um and the
other thing that Trump has really
focused on is this idea of um you know
Ukraine essentially having to get up the
idea give up the idea of NATO
membership. Um again I think you know
we've discussed this on the program in
recent days. But um still a little bit
difficult for me to square though this
idea of Ukraine not being a member of
NATO with this idea of um Ukraine
potentially receiving some kind of NATO
uh guarantees um which has been
discussed in recent days. So I think you
know all of that really does kind of
show you that you know Trump says
flexibility. I think that that still is
is kind of what's leading to this lack
of clarity over what exactly this peace
deal looks like. But again uh the fact
that these conversations are already
having are certainly happening. uh that
meeting at the White House was certainly
a lot more positive for Europe and
Ukraine than Zilinsk's earlier visits to
the White House earlier this year. So
maybe that does indicate some level of
forward direction, but as always with a
lot of these kinds of things, it's
really tough to say and um you know,
things can certainly change very
rapidly. So we'll have to see uh whether
we do get those bilateral trilateral
meetings in the coming weeks.
>> All right. Uh we'll see if you know
wearing a suit and up the charm works in
some ways as well. Jill D is there our
news desk editor joining us with the
latest when it comes uh to of course a
potential me between Putin and Zalinski.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Just want to check when it comes to some
of these New Zealand assets here this
morning after what seemed to be a pretty
dovish statement coming through from the
RBNZ. So they did cut that official cash
rate here and did also mention the
possibility a good chance as they say of
bringing that cash rate to uh about 3%
or I should say 2.56% the second quarter
of 2026. So another two B 25 basis
points cuts could be in the offing
there. Certainly, that's why we're
seeing the sort of doubbish sort of uh
risk on sort of feeling that you're
seeing uh in stocks here right now. So,
we're up some 1%. The Kiwi though has
broken out of that trading range that
we've seen of late. So, we're now
weakening some 1% or more on that
doubish statement. And basically, when
it comes to the yield curve, we're
basically talking about yields heading
lower across the curve here. So, 10
basis point move or so on the New
Zealand 10-year, the 2-year is also on
the move too, Dave.
>> Yeah, classic adjustment there to the
new reality, new information that we
have. Uh yeah, we'll certainly get more
details on that. And certainly one other
market that's benefiting from that is
also Australia, which is sort of similar
index constituency. One stock we're
tracking about an hour into the session
here in Hong Kong is East Bay. As you
can see, massive rally in the stock
yesterday and then it collapsed into the
close. Earnings are out on Friday. We're
up 10%. Have a look at the volumes right
now. So obviously very very heavy number
one. Point number two is compared to
what we had yesterday though, it doesn't
seem we're extrapolated to take out an
enormous amount of trading that took
place yesterday. In fact, that's where
we are currently. This is where we ended
up yesterday, right? Currently, current
trajectory is already quite substantial
based on current compared to averages,
but it doesn't seem we will take that
out. Obviously, we'll track it very
closely uh throughout the course of the
session. Ivon.
>> All right. We're checking Xung shares.
They continue to edge higher here this
morning, and this was one of the
standouts when it comes to the earnings
picture here as well. Well, we're
checking liquor stocks first. Uh one
thing to watch very closely when it
comes to liquor side of things is uh I
think Langier is set to report as well.
Uh profit there to stay flat on the back
of some of these curves as well. But
Xpong the EV sector very much in focus.
Brian Goo coming up.
[Music]
Where was the react?
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to lunch break in just a
moment. Of course, we're still tracking
the sort of tech selloff that seems to
be really hurting Japan here this
morning. We're down about one and a
half% on the nicke as well. Topics is
all following some fall of half of 1%.
Uh the yen's not doing too much. We're
hovering on those 147 levels as well and
obviously we've been tracking of course
what happens with SoftBank, right? So
they are sort of being dragged down from
this tech selloff and falling for a
second day. Um there's been also
concerns over this investment in its
intel in Intel that continues to weigh
in the company. So it's the stock
SoftBank down some 7%.
>> Okay. Right. Uh as we look across the
region. Yeah. I mean certainly tech is
the main pain point across these
markets. And certainly the bigger you're
waiting on tech, the bigger the drag
you're going to see, the bigger the
decline we're seeing percentage-wise.
All things equal, we're down about 810
of 1%. There are some bright spots
though. So we talked about consumer
staples right within that. We talked
about it. Liquor makers in China are
doing well. That's a big constituency as
far as that's concerned. Financials are
doing well. That's an Aussie story when
you look at the banks traded in Sydney.
Apart from that, yes, you have property
for one, but everything else and as you
can see, it is down about 2%. In terms
of sector movers there as well, right?
Uh now, as far as uh these earnings are
coming through, XP's actually when you
look at shares right now, we're doing
quite well.
>> Yeah, against the the grain really of
what you're seeing against the sell-off
that we're seeing in Asia, right? So,
we're up some 6%. The Chinese EV maker
did narrow its second quarter losses by
63% year-onear, but also gave third
quarter revenue guidance that missed
analyst estimates. But then again, you
talk about solid margins, uh, record
sales alike. There's plenty of good news
there around that company. Perhaps
that's why we are seeing the price
action here today. Joining us
exclusively now is Brian Goo, vice
chairman and president at Xpong. Brian,
always great to have you here. the
market seems to be cheering some of
these numbers here right now and really
particularly when it comes to the
narrowing of your of your losses. Can
you tell us, you know, what stood out to
you and do you think that you're now on
track to break even in the fourth
quarter?
>> Yeah, very happy to be back on the show.
Um, yes, we actually very pleased to
announce uh the second quarter results
yesterday uh which actually set a record
uh a number of key operating matrices
for the company. We hit historical
records uh quarterly delivery, quarterly
revenue, gross profit margin as well as
our overall cash on hand has also hit a
historical record. Um also the growth is
not just from China. We saw over 200%
growth outside outside of China as well.
Uh and for the third quarter we have
provided a guidance again well more than
double from the year ago levels. So I
think things are are moving pretty well
and also it's consistent with our view
early in the year that we are entering
into a super product cycle that will
drive further growth.
>> Understood. I just want to ask I want to
ask you actually about the product cycle
and whether or not you see that
shortening. But before I get to that
though, Brian, the expansion in your
gross margins, that's something that I
noticed. Could you talk to us a little
bit more about why we did see that
expansion there and do you expect that
to continue uh moving forward, Brian?
>> Well, I think the expansion g profit
margin is a result of a number of
factors. First of all, we have a better
uh product mix. Um the second quarter we
have launched uh uh the facelift of G6,
G9 as well as the X9. Uh those are high
profit margin products. Um so with their
uh product mix is increasing our profit
margin overall. Um so for the next two
quarters we're actually aiming to launch
also new products in the more premium
segment. The G7 was launched last month
and then uh next week we'll be launching
the P7 is actually behind me in the
showroom. Uh that also is going to be a
premium product. So all of them will
drive better margins and on top of the
product mix you also see significant
scale uh component factors coming in
with our better scale better control of
the supply chain uh management. We also
seeing cost reduction measures coming
into play and then the contribution from
overseas market which is always a higher
profit margin uh uh component of our
business. Uh all of those factors kick
in. I think we'll see continued
improvement of our margin profile into
the next two quarters.
>> Brian, there's a lot going on in your
industry obviously with anti-involution
and from the top down the sort of
guidance for private companies like
yourself to to maybe end this
competition that you're seeing in the EV
space. You you add that to, you know,
subsidy programs that might be phasing
out in the second half of this year. And
then you have Tesla just a few days ago
announcing this new product that is
pricing at the same range as some of the
local players in China. You know, have
you seen signs that this price war and
the competition actually easing in your
industry?
>> Well, I think all these factors you
mentioned are really important uh drive
driving factors for our industry at the
moment. Uh let me just take you know one
one at a time. uh if you talk about
anti-involution, I think it's something
that I think the Chinese government has
uh decided that it's time to bring in uh
some of the competitive measures that's
being used by some of the players in the
industry that uh really focus on pushing
the volume and also focus on really
squeezing uh the partners. But on the
other hand, I think uh it does not take
away government's effort to encourage
long-term innovation, focus on quality
and building a better ecosystem. I think
that's exactly what I think Xplanet
stands for. We stand for innovation. We
stand for quality. Uh we actually are
the ones probably going to benefit from
this uh new measure, renewed focus on
industry. Um and I think you know the uh
the change in the landscape uh you
mentioned that some of the subsidy also
some of the uh advantages that will
probably uh start to go away by the end
of this year or the early next year. I
think it will be an industrywide
phenomena. Uh may cause short-term
blips. Uh but we saw you know a year or
two years ago when the Chinese uh state
subsidies for consumer level uh EV
buying when it's phased out, it did not
really necessarily you know dampen the
long-term growth prospect of the
business. So I think it's actually
healthy. uh and I think the Chinese
government probably is also want to make
sure that any measures does not put
shocks into our consumption patterns uh
in our industry and in the long run I
think uh you know the uh industry I
would say will be you know focused more
and more on innovation on quality and
also building a business that has a
global footprint all of those are uh
strategies we're pursuing at the moment
>> and Brian has it has this and you know
The answer could likely be no. Has this
affected your way of the way you look at
pricing strategy at all?
>> Well, I think uh we have always uh uh
focused on providing
product that has innovative and
differentiated technology. So we price
it accordingly. So for example, our
boner here, it was actually competing in
the uh uh the 150,000 R&B and below
segment. uh it's not necessarily the
cheapest product. In fact, it's actually
10,000 or 20,000 R&B more expensive than
the comparable size product because it
has the best technology because it has
the most advanced pumps driving or ADIS
functions in the class in that class.
It's selling very well. It's actually
one of the you know product leaders in
that category. That is kind of you know
I think competition we're focused on is
providing superior product and
technology rather focused purely on
price.
I was going to ask you about Mona
because the Mona MO3, you know, seems to
be one of the biggest contributors to uh
your sales. I believe it accounted for a
third of your sales. So, it's really,
you know, your volume group was driven
by this one model. Is there any sort of
risk of, you know, being too
concentrated or too reliant on just one
model alone?
Well, I think Mona is a first indication
of what we call, you know, the the the
next product cycle. I think uh you will
see we're launching our new P7 uh next
week. Uh we also have successful
launches of P7 plus after Mona last
year. Um we actually have multiple
products I think that we believe will be
able to drive volume and more
importantly those are actually higher
price and higher margin products. So I
think uh you know going to next year we
actually are not only launching uh the
the the P7 as I mentioned but also we
are going to be offering a slew of dual
mod powertrain module for example the
super electric models for our existing
pipeline. So all of those I think will
contribute a very meaningful volume
drive. Um so I think Mona will be a very
important uh I would say bedrock for our
overall volume but you can see that
higher margin and better parts also
coming and will continue to add to our
volume momentum.
>> Yeah and Brian I'm looking at the
guidance you guys just put through as
well. So in terms of deliveries for this
for the this current quart I believe
it's about let's call it 150% increase
year revenues let's call it about 100%
increase year-over-year. If I follow the
dots when do I get to profitability
overall for the business?
>> Well we have uh told the street uh long
ago that we are focused on reaching a
quarterly profitability by the end of
this year. So we're still maintaining
that guidance. We think uh uh confidence
actually in fourth quarter we'll be
hitting our um profitability mark as a
whole.
>> Okay. I was going to ask you about
global expansion as well. You just set
up a production in in in Indonesia.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh what what's your plan now for for
other markets like Europe?
>> Well um I think as a company has global
ambition I also want to be global leader
in international regions. You have to
think about local uh capabilities. Uh
Indonesian plan is the first step. Uh we
actually were happy to deliver our
locally made X9 to our customers
Indonesia just last month. Uh we will be
increasing that pace. We think that we
need local strategies for Europe uh for
other markets in Southeast Asia and
perhaps in Latin America as well. So we
will you know do it you know step by
step but uh the overall global expansion
is very important and core strategy to
us and we see that not only it's a
volume uh contributor but I think on a
profitability basis and also for future
uh product categories I think global
presence is very important to us.
We were also just talking about another
Chinese company, Xiaomi, who's basically
declared that they're going to be
entering into the European market uh in
2027 and really kind of competing the
likes of Tesla, BY and and Xpong as
well. Brian, I'm just wondering what
does that mean overall for for overall
your competition? You know, the
companies that you're seeing abroad.
Well, I think uh you know um it's you
know we ex you know really welcome um
our friends and partners uh to really
you know focus on uh the same category
and offering the good product to
customers. At the same time I think uh
you know we think that the automotive
and EV market is big enough. Uh it's not
a winner takes all market. uh we think
there's plenty of room for others to
compete in and also we're taking shares
from a lot of legacy OEMs. I think you
know this wave of of change or
conversion is what we're focused on. So
driving a bigger pie accelerate that
catalyst for change for conversion is
what we're focused on.
Brian, I think a few days ago you guys
filed with the HKX, this expanded collab
with with with VW. Could you just help
us understand what that exercise is
about and where where that fits into the
broader strategy? What do you want to
see from that specifically?
>> It is actually the fourth uh strategic
partnership agreement we have entered
into EW. uh this one actually is
actually very interesting and very
important because that expands our
collaboration on electric electronic
architecture uh agreement uh to more
than EV. So now uh the IC's uh also phs
in China for Volkswagen will start
adopting the same electric platform uh
that's using our technology. So I think
uh uh first of all it expands our scope
of collaboration immensely because as
you know um C and HBS bigger segments
for Volkswagen products than the EVs. At
the same time, I think it also allows us
to do more, you know, sort of um uh
share more synergies from existing
agreements. So we can actually have a
better more efficient uh product and
also collaboration that will drive uh
the the business for both sides. So I
think you will see meaningful
contributions of this agreement starting
in next year and that will also be you
know lasting for many many years.
>> I was your take on regulations as well.
I mean there's been some scrutiny around
advanced driver assistance technology.
Um and certainly you know is does that
in any way impact your you know
technology development at Xpong and how
do you see the whole regulatory
environment evolving over time?
>> Well one of the things I think we saw on
the uh consumer side is that you know
people are you know embracing the
advanced driving technology on their
vehicles. Um so it's a trend. I think
it's not stopping. we see that
continuously uh was being improved in
peace uh you know this year but at the
same time I think that they also are pro
players I think because uh the the way
that they trying to market and over
market some of their products and has
cause problems I think that what the
government is trying to reing is to
standardize and also to control the you
know some of the practices that
overpromise uh technology but I think
overall it's actually going to be
healthier for the overall development uh
for this industry because I think that
long term I would say you know drivers
want to feel comfortable and also safe
inside this vehicle with these
technologies and then with this improved
uh uh monitoring and also improved uh uh
you say uh standards I think you will
get more penetration acceptance from uh
drivers and customers to embrace this
technology so I think it's long-term
it's going to be I would say beneficial
to the development
Brian, as always, thank you for taking
the time to speak with us. I think we
covered a lot of things. We're looking
forward to hearing more updates from the
company. Brian Good, their vice chair
and president at Expang out of Guangjo.
Uh, and for Bloomberg subscribers, by
the way, you can check out that
interview if you didn't catch it live.
You can scroll back on TV go and catch
parts of the interview or the whole
thing if you missed the entire in its
entirety. And of course, check out other
functions that you may have missed here
on our shows. Check it out. TV go. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. In about 30
minutes, we're going to get the latest
iteration of Hibbor and certainly
following the massive move up relatively
speaking of course the last let's call
it last 4 days that's taken us from
let's call it half of 1% to now about
two and a half. Um where do we go next?
Does this continue to move higher?
What's the ceiling? Do we retest some of
the highs that we had earlier this year?
Because that's a nightmare if you have a
mortgage out right now. It's been good
though for the last few months or so.
Let's get let's get a sense of things
here. Stephen Chu, our uh Bloomberg
intelligent chief Asia FX and rates
strategist is we're with us. Do you
think we'll get another pop today?
>> Yeah, slightly higher because I'm sure
everybody in market will tell you like
when we'll highball search it's a matter
of time. Everybody said that and um at
the beginning of the year we assume that
the Fed will cut rates by 50 basis point
and even with that the fair values for
one month and three month high balls is
around 3%. So it's a matter of time that
we get 3%. Now we at two and a half. So
we are very close to that ceiling. And
usually there's an indicator when will
this stop is when the one month and the
three month invert. Now it's still like
positively stop upwards but we are very
close. Once the one month is a lot
higher than 3 month then we go back to
775 and we get the other way around in
terms of intervention.
>> Does it matter what the Fed does if they
cut or not? unless they cut 100 200 but
uh I think they're going to stay put for
now. So it's the same story. The problem
this well it's not a problem it's an
observation is it's very rare that we
see the US dollar and US rates go in
different direction because of what
happened with the trade war in Trump
which is why we're seeing so frequent
firstly in May 775 more recently 785
intervention in both ends it's very rare
>> well so so at what point will rate
differentials matter then given the
small steps that the Fed is likely to
take if at all of course
>> I think um the fact that we are 785 is
because of rate differential. So the
carriage trade positive carriage trade
in the dollar and now we're going
backwards. So once the Hong Kong rates
are more in par with the US dollar then
of course we get all the carriage rate
unwind and then 775 liquidity injection
here and then carriage trade again all
the way again.
>> All right.
>> Um yeah okay we'll need to watch what
happens there. But what what should we
suffer honky dollar though? Are we are
we likely to step away from the weekend
of the trading ban for now? Are some of
the interventions that we're seeing from
the central bank essentially now
working?
>> I think uh now obviously they haven't
intervened yesterday like after last
week. Now it's the market unwinding the
carriage trade. So that will sort of
push the honky back to 775 and high
ballore will rise until they step in at
775.
>> Okay, Stephen Chu, thank you from our
Bloomberg intelligence team there on
what to expect out of highore coming up.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
I think the ultimate driver here is not
so much the economy, but it's actually a
reallocation of money from households.
Chinese are um avid savers already, but
over co they have saved even more than
what they normally do. So they sitting
now on 22 trillion US dollars of cash.
That's I mean that's the size of a
couple of largest uh global asset
managers together. So gradually they're
going to invest it and that explains I
think the strong southbound flows. I
think the retail sentiment has been
picking up and that's showing up in the
turnover numbers, the margin numbers,
new account owners, uh, but is a little
bit more measured uh, than the past
rally we've seen last September, October
and then certainly visav the past
rallies in 2015 and 2007.
Um, so
>> you're comparing this to then now? Um
this is more like uh 19 to 21.
>> Okay. Yeah. Okay.
>> Some of our guests this morning giving
their outlook when it comes to markets
and you know this equity rally in China.
When it comes to Chinese media as well,
they continue to tout this recent rally
in stocks here as well. And the front
page article in the Securities Times
says foreign investors are increasing
their holdings of Chinese stocks as
optimism rises. And it says more than 70
companies have qualified foreign
institutional investors among their top
10 shareholders with combined holdings
of get this $947 million. Now the report
says the sectors they favor include the
likes of auto pharma and FnB.
>> Yeah. And I think once you get down that
list and that list that Ivon just
mentioned is getting longer and longer.
We have a fantastic piece right now that
looks at
a broader base in the rally taking
place. a broader participation whether
that's the number of stocks at 52- week
highs
>> advances over decliners effectively the
number of margin trading for example and
that's going to be on the Bloomberg
terminal you can check this out as well
in terms of a function you can check on
this it's we actually takes you to that
as well there's the plug there's the
plug for you okay um yeah there good
charts as well to follow to follow that
okay u now as far as the story uh here
and now is concerned it's really just
tech drag right so baba 10 cent are
falling in tandem with what we've seen
globally from peers.
>> Yeah. So, we're seeing some of those
falter here in the face of what we saw
with Nvidia, Palanteer overnight as
well. Popart, that's an interesting
story, right? It's turned around. It was
initially lower.
>> Um, there was some concerns of what you
know this whole longerterm popularity of
Laboo and and the like. So, despite
coming out with some pretty robust
numbers with revenue and profit growth,
that earnings call is happening this
hour. Perhaps maybe we're hearing
something from there. Uh we'll hear a
bit more, but revenue basically
increased 204% from a year ago as well.
So still high uncertainties according
Morning Star when it comes to the
long-term popularity of Laboos.
>> Okay. Well, so it looks like we'll have
to
>> they can they outlast Hello Kitty, you
know.
>> Well, Hello Kitty's still around, right?
>> Yeah. For decades.
>> Who's the cousin? Is it Karpi?
>> Uh Komi.
>> Ki.
>> There's also Cinema Roll. There's a lot
of friends now.
>> Care Bears. There was the Smurfs. There
was What other toys are we looking at
here? Anyways,
>> Barbies.
>> Barbie. RB and Zed's coming up later on.
Check it out. This top of the hour is
Bloomberg.
[Music]